[CLI-3269] - Outbound DNS Peering for Managed Connectors in GCP (#516)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_dns_forwarder.md

}
```

### Option #2: Create using ForwardViaGcpDnsZones method

```terraform
resource "confluent_environment" "development" {
  display_name = "Development"
}

resource "confluent_dns_forwarder" "main" {
  display_name = "dns_forwarder"
  environment {
    id = confluent_environment.development.id
  }
  domains = ["example.com", "domainname.com"]
  gateway {
    id = confluent_network.main.gateway[0].id
  }
  forward_via_gcp_zones {
    domain_mappings = {

>         "example.com" = "zone-1, project-1"

Reviewer: Are spaces after the comma supported?

Author: no, removed

- `gateway` (Required Configuration Block) supports the following:
  - `id` - (Required String) The ID of the gateway to which the DNS Forwarder belongs, for example, `gw-abc123`.
- `domains` (Required String List) List of domains for the DNS forwarder to use.

> - `forward_via_ip` - supports the following:

Reviewer 2: Maybe Optional Configuration Block here?

Author: this is mutually exclusive with the next property. I ahve added a note for this. Should i still add optional block here?

Reviewer: I think the usual pattern is to label it an optional configuration block when there are multiple mutually exclusive options.

- `forward_via_ip` (Optional Configuration Block) supports the following:
  - `dns_server_ips` (Required String List) List of IP addresses of the DNS server.
- `forward_via_gcp_zones` (Optional Configuration Block) supports the following:
  - `domain_mappings` (Required Map List) List of Maps which contains the domain to zone and project mapping.
  
-> **Note:** The `forward_via_gcp_zones` and `forward_via_ip` blocks are mutually exclusive, and one of them must be provided.

> -> **Note:** The order of the zone and project is important and must be in order for the domain mapping.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** The zone and project must be specified in the correct order, separated by a comma, to ensure accurate `domain_mappings`.
```
